Add SECURITY.md (#74)
lima-vm/alpine-lima: SECURITY.md

> See https://github.com/lima-vm/lima/blob/master/SECURITY.md

Reviewer: I understand the inherent logic of pointing to a central `SECURITY.md` file, but since that file is just redirecting you to the `MAINTAINERS.md` file, wouldn't it be better to copy that file instead of having a double indirection?

```suggestion
# Reporting security issues

To report security issues, please reach out to the [maintainers](https://github.com/lima-vm/lima/blob/master/MAINTAINERS.md) directly via an e-mail.
```

Author: That may make it hard to update the security policy
